Deep link generator API (#1079)
adjust/dev-docs: src/content/docs/api/deep-link-generator-api.mdx

---
title: "Deep link generator API"
description: "Use the Deep link generator API to create short and long deep links for your apps, individually or in bulk."
category-title: Deep link generator API
slug: en/api/deep-link-generator-api
sidebar-position: 8
---

Use the Deep link generator API to create short and long deep links for your apps, individually or in bulk. These customized deep links enhance the user experience across various platforms.

## Before you begin {#before-you-begin}

Here's what you need to know before getting started.

> **Availability**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Availability {#availability}
```

<Callout type="important">

The Deep link generator API has a rate limit of 200 requests per second. You will get a 429 error if you exceed this limit.

</Callout>

-  You need to be on the TrueLink Base, Core, or Enterprise package to get access to the Deep link generator API.

> -  Links created using the Deep link generator API are not displayed in [Campaign Lab](https://help.adjust.com/en/article/campaign-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Links created using the Deep link generator API aren't displayed in [Campaign Lab](https://help.adjust.com/en/article/campaign-setup).
```

-  The TTL (time-to-live) for links created using the Deep link generator API is 120 days.

> **Requirements**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requirements {#requirements}
```

For non-SSO accounts, API tokens are located in a user's **profile**. To find your token, follow these steps:

1. Select the account (user) icon.
2. Select **Account settings**.
3. Select the **My profile** tab.
4. Your **API Token** is shown with your **User Details**. Select the copy button to copy the token to your system clipboard.

### Reset your Adjust API token {#reset-your-adjust-api-token}

You can reset your Adjust API token at any time. Resetting your token invalidates the old token. If you reset your Adjust API token, you MUST replace your old token anywhere that you're using it. Requests made with an invalidated token are rejected by Adjust.

To reset your Adjust API token:

1. Select the account (user) icon.
2. Select **Account settings**.
3. Select the **My Profile** tab.
4. Your **API Token** is shown with your **User details**.
5. Select **Reset API token**.
6. Enter your account password in the modal that appears and select **Reset** to reset your API token. A confirmation appears in the top right of the screen.
7. Select the copy button next to the **API Token** to copy the token to your system clipboard.

## Parameters {#parameters}

<Table search>

> | Parameter                | Data type      | In     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
> | ------------------------ | -------------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `adjust_auth_token`      | String         | Header | Adjust API token                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
> | `link_token`             | String         | Body   | The link token from your custom link. If you're generating deep links from a combined link, ensure that you use the correct link token from the combined custom link in Campaign Lab.                             |
> | `shorten_url`            | Bool           | Body   | Whether the link will be shortened. The link isn't shortened by default. Default value - false                                                                                                                    |
> | `campaign`               | String or null | Body   | The name of the campaign                                                                                                                                                                                          |
> | `adgroup`                | String or null | Body   | The name of the adgroup                                                                                                                                                                                           |
> | `creative`               | String or null | Body   | The name of the creative                                                                                                                                                                                          |
> | `deep_link_path`         | String         | Body   | Specifies the in-app destination your users are taken to. Use this for single-platform apps.                                                                                                                      |
> | `ios_deep_link_path`     | String         | Body   | Specifies the iOS in-app destination your users are taken to. Use this for multi-platform iOS apps or combined links.                                                                                             |
> | `android_deep_link_path` | String         | Body   | Specifies the Android in-app destination your users are taken to. Use this for multi-platform Android apps or combined links.                                                                                     |
> | `fallback`               | String         | Body   | Landing page where you send off-platform users. When you specify the fallback URL, it's recommended to specify `redirect_macos` for macOS users.                                                                  |
> | `redirect_macos`         | String         | Body   | Redirect URL to override Adjust's default redirect for macOS. When you specify the `fallback`, it's recommended to specify this parameter for macOS users.                                                        |
> | `label`                  | String         | Body   | Adds custom data to the link. Use this parameter to add a unique [user referral ID](https://help.adjust.com/en/article/set-up-user-referrals) that's autopopulated when a user shares a short link from your app. |
> | `og_title`               | String         | Body   | Title of the social sharing preview of the link.                                                                                                                                                                  |
> | `og_description`         | String         | Body   | Description of the social sharing preview of the link.                                                                                                                                                            |
> | `og_image`               | String         | Body   | URL to a JPG or PNG image of at least 200 x 200 pixels size for the social sharing preview of the link.                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: I would always write the data type as inline code since it doesn't need to be translated.

```suggestion
| Parameter                | Data type          | In     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------ | ------------------ | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `adjust_auth_token`      | `String`           | Header | Adjust API token                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `link_token`             | `String`           | Body   | The link token from your custom link. If you're generating deep links from a combined link, ensure that you use the correct link token from the combined custom link in Campaign Lab.                             |
| `shorten_url`            | `Boolean`          | Body   | Whether the link will be shortened. The link isn't shortened by default. Default value - false                                                                                                                    |
| `campaign`               | `String` or `null` | Body   | The name of the campaign                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `adgroup`                | `String` or `null` | Body   | The name of the adgroup                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `creative`               | `String` or `null` | Body   | The name of the creative                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `deep_link_path`         | `String`           | Body   | Specifies the in-app destination your users are taken to. Use this for single-platform apps.                                                                                                                      |
| `ios_deep_link_path`     | `String`           | Body   | Specifies the iOS in-app destination your users are taken to. Use this for multi-platform iOS apps or combined links.                                                                                             |
| `android_deep_link_path` | `String`           | Body   | Specifies the Android in-app destination your users are taken to. Use this for multi-platform Android apps or combined links.                                                                                     |
| `fallback`               | `String`           | Body   | Landing page where you send off-platform users. When you specify the fallback URL, it's recommended to specify `redirect_macos` for macOS users.                                                                  |
| `redirect_macos`         | `String`           | Body   | Redirect URL to override Adjust's default redirect for macOS. When you specify the `fallback`, it's recommended to specify this parameter for macOS users.                                                        |
| `label`                  | `String`           | Body   | Adds custom data to the link. Use this parameter to add a unique [user referral ID](https://help.adjust.com/en/article/set-up-user-referrals) that's autopopulated when a user shares a short link from your app. |
| `og_title`               | `String`           | Body   | Title of the social sharing preview of the link.                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `og_description`         | `String`           | Body   | Description of the social sharing preview of the link.                                                                                                                                                            |
| `og_image`               | `String`           | Body   | URL to a JPG or PNG image of at least 200 x 200 pixels size for the social sharing preview of the link.                                                                                                           |
```

</Table>

## Generate a single deep link {#generate-a-single-deep-link}

> Use the POST request to generate either a long or a short deep link for single or multi-platform apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a `POST` request to generate a long or a short deep link for single- or multi-platform apps.
```

### Endpoint {#endpoint-single}

> ```http
> https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```http
https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links
```
````

### Examples {#examples-single}

> **Single-platform apps**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Single-platform apps {#single-platform-apps}
```

<CodeBlock title="Request - cURL">

```bash
curl --location 'https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer adjustApiToken' \
--data '{
     "link_token": "1c52mluz",
     "redirect": "https://example.com/redirect",
     "fallback": "https://example.com/fallback",
     "deep_link_path": "/custom-path",
     "shorten_url": true
   }'
```

</CodeBlock>

<CodeBlock title="Response">

```http
{"url": "https://insights.go.link/fryYl"}
```

</CodeBlock>

> **Multi-platform apps**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Multi-platform apps {#multi-platform-apps}
```

<CodeBlock title="Request - cURL">

```bash
curl --location 'https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer adjustApiToken' \
--data '{
     "link_token": "2d41nkvy",
     "redirect": "https://example.com/redirect",
     "fallback": "https://example.com/fallback",
     "android_deep_link_path": "/custom-path",
     "redirect_macos": "https://www.example.com/redirectmacos",
     "shorten_url": true
   }'
```

</CodeBlock>

<CodeBlock title="Response">

```url
{"url": "https://insights.go.link/jlbKj"}
```

</CodeBlock>

> **Combined links**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Combined links {#combined-links}
```

Ensure that you [create a combined custom link in Campaign Lab](https://help.adjust.com/en/article/custom-link-setup) before you generate a deep link using the Deep link generator API.

<CodeBlock title="Request - cURL">

```bash
curl --location 'https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer adjustApiToken' \
--data '{
     "link_token": "1c2n7ybx_1cjet4nl",
     "redirect": "https://example.com/redirect",
     "fallback": "https://example.com/fallback",
     "ios_deep_link_path": "/custom-path-ios",
     "android_deep_link_path": "/custom-path-android",
     "redirect_macos": "https://www.example.com/redirectmacos",
     "shorten_url": true
   }'
```

</CodeBlock>

<CodeBlock title="Response">

```http
{"url": "https://insights.go.link/6JtQx"}
```

</CodeBlock>

## Generate deep links in bulk {#generate-deep-links-in-bulk}

> Use the POST request to generate either long or a short deep links for single or multi-platform apps, in bulk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a `POST` request to generate long or short deep links for single- or multi-platform apps in bulk.
```

### Endpoint {#endpoint-bulk}

> ```http
> https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links/bulk
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```http
https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links/bulk
```
````

--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer adjustApiToken' \
--data '{
"data": [
    {
    "link_token": "1doptv0c",
    "redirect": "https://example.com/redirect",
    "fallback": "https://example.com/fallback",
    "campaign": "custom-campaign",
    "shorten_url": true
    },
    {
      "link_token": "1df3xslh_1dsykkaa",
      "redirect": "https://example.com/redirect",
      "fallback": "https://example.com/fallback",
      "ios_deep_link_path": "/custom-path-ios",
      "android_deep_link_path": "/custom-path-android",
      "shorten_url": true
    },
    {
      "link_token": "1dzwtdjt",
      "redirect": "https://example.com/redirect",
      "fallback": "https://example.com/fallback",
      "android_deep_link_path": "/custom-path",
      "shorten_url": true
    }
  ]
}'
```

</CodeBlock>

<CodeBlock title="Response">

```json
{
   "data": [
      {
         "url": "https://kapp.go.link/4IlkC"
      },
      {
         "url": "https://kapp.go.link/6KnoE"
      },
      {
         "url": "https://insights.go.link/5JmnD"
      }
   ]
}
```

</CodeBlock>

## Update short link token {#update-short-link-token}

> Use the PUT request to update an existing short link token in a deep link to a long link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a `PUT` request to update an existing short link token in a deep link to a long link.
```

### Endpoint {#endpoint-update}

> ```http
> https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links/{short_token}
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```http
https://automate.adjust.com/engage/deep-links/{short_token}
```
````
